uaecentral,AE Central
uaenorth,AE North
eastasia,AP East
southeastasia,AP Southeast
australiacentral,AU Central
australiacentral2,AU Central 2
australiaeast,AU East
australiasoutheast,AU Southeast
brazilsouth,BR South
brazilsoutheast,BR Southeast
canadacentral,CA Central
canadaeast,CA East
switzerlandnorth,CH North
switzerlandwest,CH West
germanynorth,DE North
germanywestcentral,DE West Central
northeurope,EU North
westeurope,EU West
europe,Europe
francecentral,FR Central
francesouth,FR South
centralindia,IN Central
southindia,IN South
westindia,IN West
india,India
japaneast,JA East
japanwest,JA West
koreacentral,KR Central
koreasouth,KR South
norwayeast,NO East
norwaywest,NO West
northamerica,North America
oceania,Oceania
southamerica,South America
uksouth,UK South
ukwest,UK West
centralus,US Central
dodus,US DoD
eastus,US East
eastus2,US East 2
northcentralus,US North Central
southcentralus,US South Central
westus,US West
westus2,US West 2
westcentralus,US West Central
southafricanorth,ZA North
southafricawest,ZA West
